Scenarios
A Hobbit's Quest
"'In fact I will go so far as to send you on this adventure
Very amusing for me, very good for you-and profitable too, very likely,
if ever you get over it.'"
-The Hobbit
Gandalf enjoyed visiting the Shire. He found its folk amusing.

Although not considered respectable by the Shire Hobbits, he was thought, in secret, to be interesting to many. Few had never listened to one of his tales or heard mentioned one of his adventures. He was known to give splendid gifts, but for what price? Often Hobbits would disappear and return fabulously wealthy, and sometimes not! As Hobbits go, the Took family seemed to contain among them Gandalf's best conspirators. From this bold and adventurous lot his most successful and well known adventures were devised. Few know all the details of his intrigues. How many other Hobbits left the comfort of their homes for an adventure with a Wizard as their guide? Not even the Wise can guess.

Your Wizard has decided to ask a Hobbit to obtain a few useful items; all travel expenses for this adventure will be payed in full; funeral expenses, if the need arrises, will be defrayed by the Wizard.

Special Rules
Start any Hobbit at Bag End with Bill the Pony and equip the Hobbit with any one minor item and any one major item. If Bill is not available, just start without him. Any duplicated unique starting items are put into the play decks. Bill the Pony is not considered unique for this scenario. In addition, Bill may be brought into play at any haven. Multiple copies of Bill in play can be interpreted as Gilly the Pony, Nob the Pony, etc.
For the purposes of this scenario, Bill the Pony has a body attribute equal to 10.
You may not reveal yourself with a Wizard card.
Another character may be brought into play at any haven or his home site, but he must come into play in the Hobbit's company. Thus, the Hobbit must be at the site where a character is brought into play. No character may be brought into play if the Hobbit is not in play.
If the Hobbit is discarded or goes to your hand, the Hobbit can only come back into play if the rest of his company is at the Shire or if all other characters have been removed from play. In this case, until the Hobbit returns, the rest of his company cannot store or play any items, allies, or factions.
You may only have one company for this scenario.
Your hand size is increased by one and you may draw one additional card for each wilderness the company moves through.
Victory Conditions
Once you have exhausted your play deck once, you win automatically on the turn your Hobbit is in Bag End after his company completes the tasks outlined below. If he is ever eliminated, you lose automatically. Any resources the company plays without the Hobbit may not be used to satisfy the tasks.

The Hobbit's tasks (to be carried out in any order that suits you):
Play one greater item and store it at a haven.
Play one major item and store it at any other haven (the starting major item may not be used to satisfy this).
Play one gold ring and store it at any other haven.
Successfully influence one faction playable at a site with the unused haven as its nearest haven.
During tournament play, you justify the Wizard's choice (achieve rank1) when you complete one of these tasks. You gladden the Wizard and the Wise-guardians of the Free Peoples (achieve rank 2)-when you perform a second task. You surprise the Wizard and win renown for your achievements (achieve rank 3) when you accomplish a third task. You astound the Wizard with your deeds which are celebrated in Elven-song and praise (achieve rank 4) when you complete a fourth task.
